Add prompts reference with description for each prompt (#47)
napari/cookiecutter-napari-plugin: PROMPTS.md

## include_function_plugin

Choosing `"y"` for this prompt will create an example function hook implementation
 inside your plugin's module in the file `_function.py`. You can then edit the code in this file
to achieve the functionality you want. For more information on function implementations see the [hook specification reference](https://napari.org/plugins/stable/hook_specifications.html#hook-specifications-reference).

## use_git_tags_for_versioning

The default for this prompt is `"n"`. If you choose `"n"` for this prompt, you will have to manually manage your version numbers
when you create new releases of your plugin package. You can do
this in `setup.cfg` under the `version` field. Choosing
`"n"` at this prompt will add `version = 0.0.1` to your `setup.cfg`.

If you choose `"y"` for this prompt, versions will be automatically
managed by `setuptools_scm` when you make commits to your `git` repository.
Note that in order to use this option, you must at the 
very least run `git init` in your package's root directory. If you are not familiar

> with `git`, or cannot guarantee it will be installed on your users' machines,

Reviewer: > or cannot guarantee it will be installed on your users' machines

this isn't really the issue, in the vast majority of cases, people will `pip install` a plugin in which case this works just fine regardless of whether the target has git. (when a wheel or sdist is built, the version gets put into `_version.py` and git is no longer required).  The _only_ case we've seen so far when this is an issue, is if someone wants to directly install a plugin directly from a git repo (for instance installing straight from github)...  I think that's a pretty rare use case and I personally still think that the default should be "y".  You could also point to the [instructions for deployment in the readme](https://github.com/napari/cookiecutter-napari-plugin#set-up-automatic-deployments) are relatively clear on how to deploy.

Reviewer: I realized later we can actually do this in the cookiecutter. I do it for my personal cookiecutter, see here: https://github.com/tlambert03/pyrepo-cookiecutter/blob/f57f9d4cb47f96537a454bee691394443782095f/hooks/post_gen_project.py#L17-L20

Author: hmmm okay I think I'm only now starting to really understand the issue this prompt is solving. I agree with you that the default choice should be `"y"` because even as I'm trying to document this use case in the prompt reference I feel like it's so specific that maybe it shouldn't be there?

 inside your plugin's module in the file `_writer.py`. You can then edit the code in this file
to achieve the writing functionality you want. For more information on writers see the [hook specification reference](https://napari.org/plugins/stable/hook_specifications.html#hook-specifications-reference).

## include_dock_widget_plugin

Choosing `"y"` for this prompt will create an example dock widget hook implementation
 inside your plugin's module in the file `_dock_widget.py`. You can then edit the code in this file
to achieve the dock widget functionality you want. For more information on dock widgets see the [hook specification reference](https://napari.org/plugins/stable/hook_specifications.html#hook-specifications-reference).

## include_function_plugin

Choosing `"y"` for this prompt will create an example function hook implementation
 inside your plugin's module in the file `_function.py`. You can then edit the code in this file
to achieve the functionality you want. For more information on function implementations see the [hook specification reference](https://napari.org/plugins/stable/hook_specifications.html#hook-specifications-reference).

## use_git_tags_for_versioning

> The default for this prompt is `"n"`. If you choose `"n"` for this prompt, you will have to manually manage your version numbers
> when you create new releases of your plugin package. You can do
> this in `setup.cfg` under the `version` field. Choosing
> `"n"` at this prompt will add `version = 0.0.1` to your `setup.cfg`. 
> 
> If you plan for users to `pip install` your plugin directly from 
> your GitHub repository by pointing to a release asset e.g. a source code archive,
> your users, you may want to choose this option.
> 
> If you choose `"y"` for this prompt, versions will be automatically
> managed by `setuptools_scm` when you make commits to your `git` repository.
> This option typically requires the least effort to manage versioning for your
> package. Note that in order to use this option, you must at the 
> very least run `git init` in your package's root directory.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
The default for this prompt is `"n"`. If you choose `"n"` for this prompt, you
will have to manually manage your version numbers when you create new releases
of your package. You can do this in `setup.cfg` under the `version` field (you
will also need to update the version string wherever else you may have used it
in your package, such as in `__init__.py`). Choosing `"n"` at this prompt will
add `version = 0.0.1` to your `setup.cfg`. 

If you choose `"y"` for this prompt, your package will be set up to have
[`setuptools_scm`](https://github.com/pypa/setuptools_scm) manage versions for
you based on your git tags.  See the
[readme](https://github.com/napari/cookiecutter-napari-plugin#automatic-deployment-and-version-management)
for details.

This option typically requires the least effort to manage versioning for your
package, and will prevent errors with manually managed version strings going out
of sync with your package metadata.  The main downside is that your users will
not be able to install directly from a github release asset, and will need to
have git installed if they want to directly install from a git repository.
(This does *not*, however, affect the standard method of installing with `pip`, or
installing from a pre-packaged wheel file.)

```{note}
In order to use this option, you must run `git init` once in
your package's root directory.
```

````

a couple small suggestions in there

Reviewer: see also https://github.com/napari/cookiecutter-napari-plugin/pull/48, after which the "you must run `git init`" can be removed
